examples/OutdatedExamples/DRWI_CitizenScience/DRWI_Mayfly1_WiFi/ReadMe.md, before:

# DRWI Sites with a Mayfly 1.x and EnviroDIY ESP32 WiFi Bee<!--! {#example_drwi_mayfly1_wifi} -->

Example sketch for using the EnviroDIY ESP32 WiFi cellular module with an EnviroDIY Mayfly Data Logger.

The exact hardware configuration used in this example:

- Mayfly v1.1 board
- EnviroDIY ESP32 WiFi module
- Hydros21 CTD sensor

An EnviroDIY ESP32 WiFi module can also be used with the older Mayfly v0.5b boards if you change line 86 (for modemVccPin) from 18 to -1.
This is because the Mayfly v1.x board has a separate 3.3v regulator to power the Bee socket and is controlled by turning pin 18 on or off.
Mayfly v0.5b has the Bee socket constantly powered, therefore using "-1" is the proper setting for that line of code.  Leave the modemVccPin as 18 for Mayfly version 1.0 and 1.1.

The WiFi antenna is built into the ESP32 Bee - no external antenna is needed

Be sure to edit lines 92 and 93 to enter your Wifi access point name and password, and edit the UUID section beginning at line 200 with the correct UUIDs from your specific site on MonitorMyWatershed.

_______

<!--! @tableofcontents -->

<!--! @m_footernavigation -->

<!--! @if GITHUB -->

- [DRWI Sites with a Mayfly 1.x and EnviroDIY ESP32 WiFi Bee](#drwi-sites-with-a-mayfly-1x-and-envirodiy-esp32-wifi-bee)
  - [Unique Features of the DRWI Mayfly 1.x WiFi Example](#unique-features-of-the-drwi-mayfly-1x-wifi-example)

<!--! @endif -->

_______

## Unique Features of the DRWI Mayfly 1.x WiFi Example<!--! {#example_drwi_mayfly1_wifi_unique} -->

- Uses a EnviroDIY WiFi Bee based on the Espressif ESP32-WROOM-32

<!--! @section example_drwi_mayfly1_wifi_pio_config PlatformIO Configuration -->

<!--! @include{lineno} DRWI_Mayfly1_WiFi/platformio.ini -->

<!--! @section example_drwi_mayfly1_wifi_code The Complete Code -->

<!--! @include{lineno} DRWI_Mayfly1_WiFi/DRWI_Mayfly1_WiFi.ino -->

Commit message:

Remove references to line numbers in example read me files and use consistent dummies for secret texts
Signed-off-by: Sara Damiano <sdamiano@stroudcenter.org>

examples/OutdatedExamples/DRWI_CitizenScience/DRWI_Mayfly1_WiFi/ReadMe.md, after:

# DRWI Sites with a Mayfly 1.x and EnviroDIY ESP32 WiFi Bee<!--! {#example_drwi_mayfly1_wifi} -->

Example sketch for using the EnviroDIY ESP32 WiFi cellular module with an EnviroDIY Mayfly Data Logger.

The exact hardware configuration used in this example:

- Mayfly v1.1 board
- EnviroDIY ESP32 WiFi module
- Hydros21 CTD sensor

An EnviroDIY ESP32 WiFi module can also be used with the older Mayfly v0.5b boards if you change the modemVccPin from 18 to -1.
This is because the Mayfly v1.x board has a separate 3.3v regulator to power the Bee socket and is controlled by turning pin 18 on or off.
Mayfly v0.5b has the Bee socket constantly powered, therefore using "-1" is the proper setting for that line of code.  Leave the modemVccPin as 18 for Mayfly version 1.0 and 1.1.

The WiFi antenna is built into the ESP32 Bee - no external antenna is needed

Find and replace `YourWiFiSSID` and `YourWiFiPassword` with your real SSID and password, and edit the UUID section between `Beginning of Token UUID List` and `End of Token UUID List` the correct UUIDs from your specific site on MonitorMyWatershed.

_______

<!--! @tableofcontents -->

<!--! @m_footernavigation -->

<!--! @if GITHUB -->

- [DRWI Sites with a Mayfly 1.x and EnviroDIY ESP32 WiFi Bee](#drwi-sites-with-a-mayfly-1x-and-envirodiy-esp32-wifi-bee)
  - [Unique Features of the DRWI Mayfly 1.x WiFi Example](#unique-features-of-the-drwi-mayfly-1x-wifi-example)

<!--! @endif -->

_______

## Unique Features of the DRWI Mayfly 1.x WiFi Example<!--! {#example_drwi_mayfly1_wifi_unique} -->

- Uses a EnviroDIY WiFi Bee based on the Espressif ESP32-WROOM-32

<!--! @section example_drwi_mayfly1_wifi_pio_config PlatformIO Configuration -->

<!--! @include{lineno} DRWI_Mayfly1_WiFi/platformio.ini -->

<!--! @section example_drwi_mayfly1_wifi_code The Complete Code -->

<!--! @include{lineno} DRWI_Mayfly1_WiFi/DRWI_Mayfly1_WiFi.ino -->
