a/mayfly2_wifi_s6b/ReadMe.md, before:

# DRWI Sites with a Mayfly 1.x and EnviroDIY ESP32 WiFi Bees <!-- {#example_drwi_mayfly1_wifi} -->
Alpha test sketch for transmitting over WiFi Digi S6B 

The hardware configuration used in this example:
 * Mayfly v1.1 board
 * EnviroDIY Digi WiFi  S6B module

This is used to intergrate in Reliable Delivery
https://github.com/EnviroDIY/ModularSensors/issues/194
Setup ms_cfg.h for your network parameters

Merge PR Notes
 setFileTimestamp()  ~ assume all local view is at local time
on uSD internet connection synospsis  DBGyymm.log
 SdFat sd1_card_fatfs; - renamed to be readable and findable

rtc - renamed to rtcExtPhy
 going with compatible versions for SAMDxx

Note if "old date" that forces MMW to decompress 
gets 400 "bad request" 
-- Response Code -- 400 waited  108 mS Timeout 15432
data needs to be deleted
remove /* atl_extension */ 

230707-1600 First pass testing
tested bad WIFi signal and then resend on good
tested timeout - and generates 504 and puts in QUE0.txt
tested sample and delay and stores in RDELAY.txt
tested for send limit of 5, disabled WiFi allowed, number to buld up, and then send in groups of 5

Commit message:

overnight testing for S6B and wroom looks good

a/mayfly2_wifi_s6b/ReadMe.md, after:

# DRWI Sites with a Mayfly 1.x and EnviroDIY ESP32 WiFi Bees <!-- {#example_drwi_mayfly1_wifi} -->
Alpha test sketch for transmitting over WiFi Digi S6B 

The hardware configuration used in this example:
 * Mayfly v1.1 board
 * EnviroDIY Digi WiFi  S6B module

This is used to intergrate in Reliable Delivery
https://github.com/EnviroDIY/ModularSensors/issues/194
Setup ms_cfg.h for your network parameters

Merge PR Notes
 setFileTimestamp()  ~ assume all local view is at local time
on uSD internet connection synospsis  DBGyymm.log
 SdFat sd1_card_fatfs; - renamed to be readable and findable

rtc - renamed to rtcExtPhy
 going with compatible versions for SAMDxx

Note if "old date" that forces MMW to decompress 
gets 400 "bad request" 
-- Response Code -- 400 waited  108 mS Timeout 15432
data needs to be deleted
remove /* atl_extension */ 

230710 Overnight testing seemed to go well. Going to submit the PR
230707-1600 First pass testing
tested bad WIFi signal and then resend on good
tested timeout - and generates 504 and puts in QUE0.txt
tested sample and delay and stores in RDELAY.txt
tested for send limit of 5, disabled WiFi allowed, number to buld up, and then send in groups of 5
